now the situation at the al- AA Hospital
in central Gaza is D after Israel's
evacuation order forced most of the
doctors and medical workers to leave
hind went to that hospital and sent this
report we are in ALA Hospital in where
most of the medical team evacuated after
the quadcopter fired live ammunition on
the ICU unit and the maternity unit in
the Gaza STP let's walk inside as you
the only medical personnels left are the
nursing team where most of them are
volunteers and live in the middle area
and do not have any place to evacuate we
have been talking to the nursing team
and they're telling us that they were go
are going to stay here because they feel
that it is a huge responsibility for
them to leave uh the hospital they also
told us that the main doctors are
evacuated with their families because
their families were inside by this
Hospital also the administrative
team is completely empty where the
doctors are doing the doctors left in
the hospital are doing both the
administrative work and the uh medical
work
here there are still also volunteers for
the cleaning for cleaning the hospital
and uh two days ago some journalists who
were here in the hospital uh helped and
made an initiative helping uh the
hospital to
clean its floors and its emergency
department more than 90% of the medical
uh team in the aloa hospital evacuated
after msf also evacuated the hospitals
and it's not only doctors who evacuated
but also journalists where we're talking
about more than uh 10 media
organizations left and evacuated
Southern Tunis and RAF we're also
talking about people who were seeking
refuge in the hospital for more than
three months
in the hospital is not witnessing a
collapse but it has been also witnessing
a severe uh shortage of medical use
according to the medical team in this
hospital this isind for aler Gaza
Palestine